The empress's dens in our country
All wiped out
But foreign forces are still very rampant
The nations are still burdened by the nurses of my Xuan Kingdom
Time clouds sleep
Lead the 100,000 Stone Army
Exterminate the soldiers of various countries who are making trouble on the borders of our country
And carrying the heads of emperors
Come to Her Majesty the Queen to repent and apologize
The emperor saved the car
All military power can be handed over to the Warlord
May the emperor continue to protect our country and the people
Xie Michification and Vermilion Bird
I will white tiger
You saved the car
Save our country from fire and water
Specially named Suzaku as the Marshal of Xiaoyao
Take over the Easy Army
Seal Baihu as Marshal of the Imperial Capital
Take over the national V million army
Follow the Northern Expedition with War Defense
Crusade against the nations
Keep our country peaceful and prosperous
Thank you queen
It's not as good as this place
Queen
My daughter.
I'll leave it to you.
An'an Guotai can only be safe
I crusade against the northern frontier
You take care of yourself
Wait for my triumphant return
Zhao Hengfang Xin
Valium will be unscathed during your triumph
Mom, don't worry.
I am not a child anymore.
You protect everyone
I bag a small home
We work together.
Let's protect the peace and prosperity of the whole country together